Targeting the Web Application
First, we will simply browse the
web application home page.
The home page seems to be a fairly
standard company landing page.
The links in the navigation bar
all point to anchors on the home page and
a feedback survey is on the bottom left.
There do not appear to be any other
fields with user-controlled input.
The Nmap scan indicated that the web page
is running on WordPress 5.3,
but we should gather more
information to confirm this.
While the WordPress core itself
has had its share of vulnerabilities,
the WordPress developers
are quick to patch them.
However, themes and plugins
are written by the community
and many vulnerabilities
are improperly patched
or are simply never fixed at all.
This makes WordPress a
great target for compromise.